Adding documentation for Pagination in hybrid query (#9109)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _search-plugins/hybrid-search.md

## Paginate hybrid query results
**Introduced 2.19**
{: .label .label-purple }

You can apply pagination to hybrid query results by using the `pagination_depth` parameter in the hybrid query clause, along with the standard `from` and `size` parameters. The `pagination_depth` parameter defines the maximum number of search results that can be retrieved from each shard per subquery. For example, setting `pagination_depth: 50` allows up to 50 results per subquery to be maintained in memory from each shard.

To navigate through the results, use:
- `from`: specifies the document number from which you want to start showing the results, default is `0`
- `size`: specifies the number of results to return on each page, default is `10`

For example, to show results from 20th document to 30th document, set `from: 20` and `size: 10`. For more information about pagination, see [paginate results]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/searching-data/paginate/#the-from-and-size-parameters).

> ### The impact of pagination_depth on hybrid search results

Author: This paragraph is let user know that changing the pagination_depth also changes the search results reference.

> The change in `pagination_depth` also affects the search results ordering on which the user is paginating. This is because altering the `pagination_depth` directly impacts the number of results retrieved for each subquery per shard, which may ultimately might change the result ordering after normalization. Therefore, it is recommended to maintain a consistent value of `pagination_depth` while navigating between pages. 

Reviewer: I don't think we need the end of the first sentence as it feels a little clunky.  How about `The change in pagination_depth also affects the ordering of search results.`

Author: Essentially what i want to say here is if you some plays around with pagination_depth then it will change the ground truth on which the user is paginating.

Reviewer: Understood, I still think there is probably a better way to phrase it but I can't think of anything.  It's technically sound, so we can leave phrasing to the doc team

To navigate through the results, use:
- `from`: specifies the document number from which you want to start showing the results, default is `0`
- `size`: specifies the number of results to return on each page, default is `10`

For example, to show results from 20th document to 30th document, set `from: 20` and `size: 10`. For more information about pagination, see [paginate results]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/searching-data/paginate/#the-from-and-size-parameters).

### The impact of pagination_depth on hybrid search results

The change in `pagination_depth` impacts the ground truth on which the user is paginating. This is because altering the `pagination_depth` directly impacts the number of results retrieved for each subquery per shard, which may ultimately might change the result ordering after normalization. Therefore, it is recommended to maintain a consistent value of `pagination_depth` while navigating between pages. 

The standard hybrid search without pagination uses `from + size` formula (where `from` is always equals to `0`) to retrieve search results from each shard per subquery.{: .note}

> To enable deeper pagination, a higher value of `pagination_depth` should be provided. By using the `from` and `size` parameters, user can navigate to higher pages. However, deeper pagination comes at the cost of search performance getting a toll, as retrieving more results requires higher computation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable deeper pagination, use a higher value of `pagination_depth`. You can then navigate through the results using the `from` and `size` parameters. However, be aware that deeper pagination can impact search performance, as retrieving and processing more results requires additional computational resources.
```

> Below is the example of search request with `from = 0` , `size = 5` and `pagination_depth = 10`. From each shard at max 10 search results can be catered for bool and term query respectively.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following example shows a search request with from: 0, size: 5, and pagination_depth: 10. This configuration allows up to 10 search results per shard for both the bool and term queries:
```

To navigate through the results, use the `from` and `size` parameters:

- `from`: Specifies the document number from which you want to start showing the results. Default is `0`.
- `size`: Specifies the number of results to return on each page. Default is `10`.

For example, to show 10 documents starting from the 20th document, specify `from: 20` and `size: 10`. For more information about pagination, see [Paginate results]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/searching-data/paginate/#the-from-and-size-parameters).

### The impact of pagination_depth on hybrid search results

Changing `pagination_depth` affects the underlying set of search results retrieved before any ranking, filtering, or pagination adjustments are applied. This is because `pagination_depth` determines the number of results retrieved per subquery from each shard, which can ultimately change the result order after normalization. To ensure consistent pagination, keep the `pagination_depth` value the same while navigating between pages.  

By default, hybrid search without pagination retrieves results using the `from + size` formula, where `from` is always `0`.
{: .note}  

> To enable deeper pagination, increase the `pagination_depth` value. You can then navigate through results using the `from` and `size` parameters. Note that deeper pagination can impact search performance, because retrieving and processing more results requires additional computational resources.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To enable deeper pagination, increase the `pagination_depth` value. You can then navigate through results using the `from` and `size` parameters. Note that deeper pagination can impact search performance because retrieving and processing more results requires additional computational resources.
```

                    "doc_price": 30
                }
            },
            {
                "_index": "my-nlp-index",
                "_id": "e3eXlZQBJkWerFzHv4eW",
                "_score": 0.5,
                "_source": {
                    "category": "statement",
                    "doc_keyword": "entire",
                    "doc_index": 8242,
                    "doc_price": 350
                }
            },
            {
                "_index": "my-nlp-index",
                "_id": "fHeXlZQBJkWerFzHv4eW",
                "_score": 0.24999997,
                "_source": {
                    "category": "statement",
                    "doc_keyword": "idea",
                    "doc_index": 5212,
                    "doc_price": 200
                }
            },
            {
                "_index": "index-test",
                "_id": "fXeXlZQBJkWerFzHv4eW",
                "_score": 5.0E-4,
                "_source": {
                    "category": "editor",
                    "doc_keyword": "bubble",
                    "doc_index": 1298,
                    "doc_price": 130
                }
            }
        ]
    }
}
```

> The following search request is configured with `from: 6`, `size: 5`, and `pagination_depth: 10`. The `pagination_depth` remains unchanged to ensure pagination is based on the same set of search results:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following search request is configured with `from: 6`, `size: 5`, and `pagination_depth: 10`. The `pagination_depth` remains unchanged to ensure that pagination is based on the same set of search results:
```

Field | Description
:--- | :---
`explanation` | The `explanation` object has three properties: `value`, `description`, and `details`. The `value` property shows the result of the calculation, `description` explains what type of calculation was performed, and `details` shows any subcalculations performed. For score normalization, the information in the `description` property includes the technique used for normalization or combination and the corresponding score. 

## Paginate hybrid query results
**Introduced 2.19**
{: .label .label-purple }

> You can apply pagination in the search results by providing `pagination_depth` in the hybrid query clause. The value of `pagination_depth` will define the maximum count of search results that can be retrieved from each shard per subquery. For example, `pagination_depth = 50` means at max total of 50 results can be catered for each subquery per shard. The `pagination_depth` is responsible for holding the search results reference on which user can paginate by using `from` and `size` parameters. The `from` parameter will define the document number from which you want to start showing the results. The `size` paramater is the number of results that you want to show. Together, they let you return a subset of the search results. For more information about pagination, see [paginate results]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/searching-data/paginate/#the-from-and-size-parameters).

Reviewer 2: You need to simplify this paragraph, and also clearly mention how to use `from` and `size`. I suggest to rework paragraph into to something along these lines:

```
You can apply pagination to hybrid query results by using the `pagination_depth` parameter in the hybrid query clause, along with the standard `from` and `size` parameters. The `pagination_depth` parameter defines the maximum number of search results that can be retrieved from each shard per subquery. For example, setting `pagination_depth: 50` allows up to 50 results per subquery to be maintained in memory for each shard.

To navigate through the results, use:
- `from`: specifies the starting position of the results to return, default is `0`
- `size`: specifies the number of results to return, default is `10`

For example, to get results 20-30, set `from: 20` and `size: 10`. Note that higher values of `pagination_depth` will increase memory usage. For more information about pagination, see [paginate results] <link>.
```

> You can apply pagination in the search results by providing `pagination_depth` in the hybrid query clause. The value of `pagination_depth` will define the maximum count of search results that can be retrieved from each shard per subquery. For example, `pagination_depth = 50` means at max total of 50 results can be catered for each subquery per shard. The `pagination_depth` is responsible for holding the search results reference on which user can paginate by using `from` and `size` parameters. The `from` parameter will define the document number from which you want to start showing the results. The `size` paramater is the number of results that you want to show. Together, they let you return a subset of the search results. For more information about pagination, see [paginate results]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/searching-data/paginate/#the-from-and-size-parameters).

Author: @ryanbogan we have already attached the link of pagination main page. So if a user is unknown to pagination they can read it from there. Adding it here would create duplicacy and overhead.

The change in `pagination_depth` also changes the search results on which user is paginating. It is because the change in depth directly impacts the number of results to be catered for each subquery per shard, which ultimately might change the result ordering after the normalization. The standard hybrid search without pagination uses `from + size` formula (`from` is always equals to `0`) to retrieve search results from each shard per subquery.{: .note}

The `pagination_depth` parameter helps user to control how deeper they want to paginate. The bigger the value of `pagination_depth`, more will be the number of search results returned to the coordinator node and by using `from` and `size` parameters user can navigate to higher pages. However, deeper pagination also comes at cost of search performance getting a hit because more results means high computation.

> Below is the example of search request with `from = 0` , `size = 10` and `pagination_depth = 10`. From each shard at max 10 search results can be catered for bool and term query respectively.

Reviewer 2: I would structure the example differently. You can give example of 7 relevant documents, and then split int into 2 "pages" by using from=0,size=5,pd=10 and from=6,size=5,pd=10, and even give the full response with all 7 documents and from=0,size=10 at the end. This way we can demonstrate more clearly how pagination depth works

```json
GET /my-nlp-index/_search?search_pipeline=nlp-search-pipeline
{
  "query": {
    "hybrid": {
      "pagination_depth":10,  
      "queries": [
        {
          "term": {
            "category": "permission"
          }
        },
        {
          "bool": {
            "should": [
              {
                "term": {
                  "category": "editor"
                }
              },
              {
                "term": {
                  "category": "statement"
                }
              }
            ]
          }
        }
      ]
    }
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

```json
{
    "took": 63,
    "timed_out": false,
    "_shards": {
        "total": 4,
        "successful": 4,
        "skipped": 0,
        "failed": 0

>     },

Reviewer 2: leading structure can be dropped from example, it's not relevant to the content of the page and overall makes json longer thus harder to read

### The impact of pagination_depth on hybrid search results

The change in `pagination_depth` also affects the search results ordering on which the user is paginating. This is because altering the `pagination_depth` directly impacts the number of results retrieved for each subquery per shard, which may ultimately might change the result ordering after normalization. Therefore, it is recommended to maintain a consistent value of `pagination_depth` while navigating between pages. 

The standard hybrid search without pagination uses `from + size` formula (where `from` is always equals to `0`) to retrieve search results from each shard per subquery.{: .note}

To enable deeper pagination, a higher value of `pagination_depth` should be provided. By using the `from` and `size` parameters, user can navigate to higher pages. However, deeper pagination comes at the cost of search performance getting a toll, as retrieving more results requires higher computation.

Below is the example of search request with `from = 0` , `size = 5` and `pagination_depth = 10`. From each shard at max 10 search results can be catered for bool and term query respectively.
```json

> GET /my-nlp-index/_search?size=5&search_pipeline=nlp-search-pipeline

Reviewer 2: better have `size` value inside the request body, if we have information in two places it opens door for potential mistakes

                    "doc_index": 1298,
                    "doc_price": 130
                }
            }
        ]
    }
}
```
The following search request is with `from = 6`, `size = 5` and `pagination_depth = 10`. 
We haven't changed the `pagination_depth` because we want to paginate on the same search result reference. {: .note} 

```json

> GET /my-nlp-index/_search?size=5&search_pipeline=nlp-search-pipeline

Reviewer 2: same as previous comment, better move it to request body
